and then you cut to deep gashes in it as
you can see these gashes are very deep
they go all the way down to the bone and
then I shall sprinkle salt you need a
teaspoon of salt for the two and a half
pounds of chicken on both sides of the
chicken and squeeze them and you'll need
about one lemon in all for the entire
two and a half pounds and once you've
done that you'll rub this marinade this
is the first marinade for the chicken
you rub it in properly on both sides and
then you let the chicken sit for 20
minutes while it sits for 20 minutes I
shall make the second marinade for the
second marinade I have here a food
processor you can use a blender that'll
work just as well
and into it I'm going to put in 3/4 pint
of plain yogurt I plain yogurt used to
be used originally to tenderize the
chicken so you don't need to do it for
that reason anymore just for the flavor
I'll put in all the yogurt 3/4 kind of
plain yogurt get it all out and then
also I'm going to put in half an onion
which has been very coarsely chopped I
shall put in also 1 clove of garlic and
then I'm going to put in some fresh
ginger I'll ginger something you may not
be too familiar with this is what ginger
looks like it's really like a potato
that went a bit haywire it has all kinds
of knob on it knobs sticking out from
different sides and I just cut off a
piece of this ginger peel it I need
about a 3/4 inch cube so when it's
peeled and cut the pieces look something
like this and then I shall also use
green chili now chilies are hot and they
come in various sizes you can get them
large like this or you can get them
small you can use them if they're green
or if they turned red it doesn't really
matter the red just means that they've
got ripe and they've changed color for
this recipe I have here half a green
chili which has been fairly finely
chopped and when you chop it there are
seeds in the green chili which are very
hot you can actually remove them if
you want to otherwise leave them in but
be very careful don't if you chop them
and it touches the tips of your fingers
then don't take your fingertips to your
eyes or your lip so it can burn and
that's not a very good feeling so I
shall put in the ginger as well as the
green chilli into this marinade then I
also need some mixed spices a lot of
people think that all Indian food is
very hot
well it isn't what makes Indian food
Indian really is a mixture a blend of
selected spices so the selected spices
for this particular recipe are something
called garam masala combined that's what
they're called garam masala you can buy
garam masala in store actually
ready-made but I think it's much nicer
if you make it yourself at home so to
make it at home you need a tablespoon of
cardamom seeds these are a bit hard to
find it's easier to find the whole
cardamom pots which look like this
and you can actually peel them and get
the seeds out but it's easier to use the
seeds and if you want to get them then
there's a book that accompanies a series
and at the back it will list mail-order
sources where you can write in for the
seeds so this is here a tablespoon of
cardamom seeds then I have a 2 inch
stick of cinnamon also there is cumin
this is just ordinary cumin you could
use a black human if you like but this
is a these are whole cumin seeds and
it's a teaspoon of them I also have a
teaspoon of whole cloves a teaspoon of
whole black peppercorns and about a
quarter of a nutmeg a nutmeg might seem
something is hard to crack but it isn't
you just hit it lightly with a hammer